## Updated Schedule
The remainder of our schedule is as follows:
* Remainder of Week 3 (Nov. 30 - Dec. 3): Finish testing suite and work on thread local caches\
* Start of Week 4 (Dec. 4 - Dec. 6): Complete thread local caches\
* Remainder of Week 4 (Dec. 7 - Dec. 9): Final benchmarks and presentation preparations\


## Completed Work / Progress
So far, we have completed the goals along the first two weeks of the schedule. We have completed different versions of allocators as described in our schdule - the initial, single-heap malloc implementation with one global lock and the multiple arena implementation of malloc. Finally, we have begun work on developing the testing suite with which we can use to benchmark and analyze these different allocators. 

We have completed the majority of tasks in our schedule, though we are slightly behind with the completion of the testing suite. We anticipate that we will be able to complete all of our initial goals for the project. Since we elected to present at the earlier poster slot, however, we will most likely not be able to compelte the "nice to have" stretch goals before the presentation slot. 


## Poster Session Plan
For our poster session, our plan is to generate graphs comparing the performance of our different allocator versions. With our testing suite consisting of multiple applications which frequently free and allocate memory, we can compare the performance of these different allocators by analyzing the trace generated by each version. We plan to use the single-heap single-lock version, the multiple arena version, and the multiple arena with thread local caches version. Comparing these different allocators running on different kinds of applications will allow us to generate graphs which show the performance of our implementation and the parallelism benefits it provides. 

## Issues
In the last two weeks of the project, we anticipate that finishing development of thread local caches will be a challenge. We may also have some difficulties developing a sufficient testing suite to cover various memory allocation patterns. 
